site:Channel9 Silverlight 2.0 player
url:http://channel9.msdn.com/pdc2008/PC54
rating:4
 * Site uses user agent to provide SL player or mp4 download linke. User must install the Firefox "User Agent Switcher" plugin and change UA to Windows
 * Pausing, seeking works well (1.99.5)

site:Hard Rock Memorablia
url:http://memorabilia.hardrock.com
rating:4
 * looks great! (Built with 3.0)
 * kind of slow (rusty r143463)

site:Fox Movies
url:http://silverlight.net/fox
rating:4
 * Url moved? (1.99.5)
 * Looks good.
 * Kind of choppy

site:Silverlight 2 Media Player Markers
url:http://joel.neubeck.net/2008/06/sl2b2-media-player-markers/
rating:2
 * Works but has some layout(?) issues.
 * Video playback is smaller than on IE

site:Smooth Streaming
url:http://www.iis.net/extensions/SmoothStreaming
rating:3
 * Small artifacts at the bottom of the video Bug 544681

site:Presidential Inauguration CNN
url:http://www.cnn.com/SPECIALS/2009/44.president/inauguration/themoment/
rating:3
 * Works, but is very slow

site:Presidential Inauguration CBS
url:http://cbs5.com/InaugurationPlayer/Default.htm
rating:0
 * (rolf, r143517): Only shows a black page. Bug 546236
 * (rolf, r143517): Could not parse element MediaView, attribute (null), error: Unable to resolve managed type MediaView.
 * (rolf, r143517): Moonlight: Unhandled exception in Application.get_resource_cb: System.IndexOutOfRangeException: Array index is out of range.  at System.Windows.Application.GetResourceStream (System.Uri uriResource) [0x000bd] in /mono/main/git/moonlight/moon/class/System.Windows/System.Windows/Application.cs:390

site:Photosynth
url:http://photosynth.net/silverlight/photosynth.aspx?cid=d7d78324-ad5e-41ea-94dd-512580ed4393
rating:1
 * 3.0 runtime
 * No images appear (1.99.5) Bug 503683
 * Images don't unhighlight when another image is selected.

site:Office 2010 The Movie
url:http://www.office2010themovie.com/
rating:0
 * Nothing appears (rusty 1.99.6)

site:What Happens in Vegas trailer
url:http://www.microsoft.com/silverlight/trailers/vegas/
rating:2
 * video playback is very choppy (rusty 1.99.6)
 * same as in windows / SL

site:Silverlight Stocks
url:http://www.vadimv.com/
rating:2
 * Super slow
 * Maxes cpu at 100% Bug 528560
 * No stocks appear Bug 544743

site:Zoom Mosaic
url:http://labs.tenteo.com/zoommosaic/
rating:0
 * URL has changed?
 * (rolf, r143517): Only shows a black page. Bug 503682.

site:Telerik
url:http://demos.telerik.com/silverlight/default.aspx#Gauge/LinearGauge/Appearance
rating:1
 * 3.0 features
 * Exception System.Reflection.TargetInvocationException: Exception has been thrown by the target of an invocation. ---> System.ArgumentException: The DependencyProperty 'SelectedItems', whose property type is System.Collections.ObjectModel.ObservableCollection`1 can't be set to value whose type is Telerik.Windows.Controls.SelectionChanger`1System.Object, mscorlib, Version=2.0.5.0, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=7cec85d7bea7798e
 * System.Windows.Markup.XamlParseException: Unknown attribute ContainerStyle on element ToolBarContainerStyle

site:Database Schema Editor
url:http://www.dbschemaeditor.com/OnlineDB.aspx
rating:1
 * Cannot change the data type on a column (rusty r143463) Bug 545067
 * Cannot enter a number in the length field on a column (rusty r143463)

site:Dr. Popper
url:http://www.bluerosegames.com/brg/free-web-games/bubble-breaker.aspx
rating:2
 * After clicking on a group of jewels, if you move the mouse away from the jewels, the group stops shaking. (rusty r143463)
 * If you move the mouse back over the group, they shake for a split second, and then stop. Bug 546232

site:3D Image Rotation
url:http://www.shinedraw.com/3d-illusion/flash-and-silverlight-3d-image-rotation/
rating:4
 * works! (rusty r143463)

site:Grid Transition Rotator
url:http://www.shinedraw.com/image-manipulation/flash-vs-silverlight-grid-transition-rotator/
rating:3
 * Looks really good
 * Flashes to a blank white canvas in between transitions (rusty r143463)

site:Python WebIDE
url:http://www.voidspace.org.uk/ironpython/webide/webide.html
rating:4
 * Works great (rusty r143463)

site:Tic-Tac-Toe
url:http://oldschooldotnet.blogspot.com/2009/01/tic-tac-toe-in-silverlight.html
rating:4
 * Perfecto!

site:Polyhedra
url:http://www.picturespice.com/ps/Polyhedra/ClientBin/TestPage.html
rating:4
 * Works!  (rusty r143463)

site:Metronome
url:http://silverlightshow.net/showcase/SilverlightMetronome/SilverlightMetronome.html
rating:4
 * Works!

site:FullSix
url:http://www.fullsix.pt/tas/sbvideo/default.htm
rating:3
 * Works well. (rusty r143463)
 * No buffering progress bar Bug 545108
 * Missing a text box to the right of the player Bug 545104

site:Futbol
url:http://www.semgoksu.com/silverlight-futbol-oyunu-yazisi/503.aspx
rating:4
 * Works!  (rusty r143463)

site:Gantt Chart
url:http://www.adefwebserver.com/DotNetNukeHELP/Misc/Silverlight/GanttChart/Default.aspx
rating:1
 * [regression] clicking in the chart does nothing (rusty r143463)
 * clicking on a box in the chart throws error Bug 528978

site:Bashboard
url:http://www.david-black.info/bashboard/default.aspx
rating:4
 * Looks good!
 * Bidirectional examples work great. (rusty r143463)

site:Chart Designer
url:http://www.visifire.com/silverlight_chart_designer.php
rating:3
 * Kind of slow.
 * Refreshing the graph is slow.
 * X Axis labels don't appear (should be Walmart, Exxon, Shell, BP, GM)

site:Charts Gallery
url:http://www.visifire.com/silverlight_charts_gallery.php
rating:3
 * Site is a bit slow
 * Some labels for the columns don't display properly

site:MathDoku
url:http://www.free-online-mathdoku.com/
rating:1
 * Can only drag number 4 to a square (no other numbers can be dragged). (rusty r143463)
 * MathDoku text reflection too far down (in the 1,2,3,4 area)
 * Cannot highlight 1 or 2 (you can highlight 3 and 4)

site:Vector Space Zero
url:http://www.ddtmm.com/vs0/
rating:2 
 * ArithmeticException:NAN in System.Math.Sign(Single value) after your first crash
 * missing codec? Moonlight: MediaError 3001 AG_E_INVALID_FILE_FORMAT No demuxers registered to handle the media source 'unknown source'.
 * Seems to have problems loading the high scores XML file as well, possibly due to BrowserHttpWebRequest IOE

site:Google Image Memory Game
url:http://www.markbetz.net/sl/gmemory
rating:4
 * Works

site: Pale2
url:http://helen.org.ua/caramel/
rating: 3
 * Works but scrollbar on textbox does not allow reading all the text

site:Rich Text Box Demo
url:http://www.vectorlight.net/silverlight_rich_textbox_demo.aspx
rating: 2
 * Uses SL 3.0 features, and fails to load the 3d transforms types,
 * but it brings up its UI.

site:Martimedia
url:http://www.martimedia.com/public/usa.htm
rating:1
 * missing a bunch of rendered elements

site:robozzle
url:http://robozzle.com
rating:3
 * Works - but very slow

site: Life 
url:http://www.life-silverlight.com/
rating:3
 * Works! but is very slow

site:Texas Holdem
url:http://www.geocities.com/wethercotes/poker.html
rating:4
 * works great.

site:Tetrislight
url:http://www.elquintero.net/BlogGeeks/Silverlight/Tetrislight/default.html
rating:3
 * works mostly  (rusty r143463)
 * High scores do not appear

site: Stop Watch
url:http://www.silverlightstopwatch.com
rating:1
 * Clock doesn't show up (rusty r143463)
 * When in fullscreen mode, clicking 'stop' can take several seconds to actually click. 

site:Figment Engine
url:http://blog.figmentengine.com/2008/11/silver-tag-cloud.html
rating:2
 * We have very bad perfomance with this.
 * hit cpu pretty hard

site:PathTextBlock Control
url:http://www.bluerosegames.com/SilverlightBrassTacks/page/PathTextBlock-Control.aspx
rating:0
 * there's no exceptions, but it pegs firefox at 100% cpu and doesn't render anything.
 * seems to be doing *tons* of layout + collection stuff.

site:Klotski
url:http://www.phy.hr/~nikola/klotski/
rating:2
 * Works, can't go to second level. OK button is unclickable

site:Tire Storm
url:http://www.farseergames.com/games/tirestorm/tirestorm.aspx
rating:4 
 * Works pretty well

site:SharedModel
url:http://sharedmodel.co.uk/
rating:1
 * somewhat slow
 * sidebar links do not properly shrink on MouseLeave and also leave a button border (which should never be shown)
 * the Silverlight/Technologies/Agile/Contact links don't work

site:Positech 2000
url:http://www.pay4foss.org/jumpstation/Positech2000/
rating:4
 * seems to work

site:3D Game of Life
url:http://www.pay4foss.org/jumpstation/3DLifeGameOf/
rating:3
 * works, but rather slow

site:Sudoku
url:http://oldschooldotnet.blogspot.com/2009/03/sudoku-in-silverlight.html
rating:4
 * Works!

site:Rotating Space Rocks of DooM
url:http://www.vertigo.com/downloads/Rocks/
rating:0
 * 403 on URL

site:Bigsby DevDays09
url:http://devdays09.bigsby.eu/
rating:4
 * Works, but performance is slow

site:Blog de Patrice REY
url:http://www.reypatrice.fr/dossierCommunaute/01casseBriques.html
rating:0
 * error in System.Windows: Error while loading the fr/System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.resources.dll assembly  System.IO.FileNotFoundException: Could not load file or assembly '/tmp/38F0E471d01.SRdU6y/fr/System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.resources.dll' or one of its dependencies. The system cannot find the file specified.

site:Microsoft Showcase
url:https://www.microsoft.com/video/en/us/details/6809f528-0dd3-4676-993c-1bcba048c2f2
rating:3
 * loading wheel never disappears Bug 503638

site:Socket based Silverlight Chat Application
url:http://www.michielpost.nl/PostDetail_7.aspx
rating:3
 * seems to work (but firefox adds scrollbars when you mouse into the SL canvas, are we doing something to cause this?)
 * Scroll bar flash and disappears when you mouse in. (rusty r143463)

site:Smooth HD
url:http://www.smoothhd.com
rating:1
 * 3.0 Runtime
 * No video appears. Bug 528934
 * Some controls are drawn incorrectly

site:Zune.net
url:http://social.zune.net
rating:0
 * 3.0 runtime
 * bar across the bottom of the browser window.  empty.

site: Rad Media Player
url:http://demos.telerik.com/silverlight/#MediaPlayer/Fullscreen
rating:0
 * 3.0 Runtime
 * Error: Unknown attribute ContainerStyle on element ToolBarContainerStyle. (1.99.5)

site:Geometry
url:http://geometry.osenkov.com/
rating:2
 * works, but goes gray any time you manipulate figures (or add new ones)

site: SilverTunes
url:http://demo.componentone.com//Silverlight/SilverTunes/
rating:0
 * Uses 3.0 features
 * (rolf, r143517): Could not parse element ExtensionPart, attribute (null), error: (null)

